chore(mks/lb): add new annotation LBMethod (#7354)
ovh/docs: pages/public_cloud/containers_orchestration/managed_kubernetes/expose_your_applications_using_a_load_balancer/guide.en-gb.md

  This annotation is automatically added and it contains the Floating IP address of the load balancer service.
  When using `loadbalancer.openstack.org/hostname` annotation it is the only place to see the real address of the load balancer.

- `loadbalancer.openstack.org/lb-method`

>   This annotation define the load balancing method to use to spread the new request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This annotation configures the load balancing algorithm to use to distribute new connections.
```

  Default algorithm: `ROUND_ROBIN`
  Others algorithms available: `LEAST_CONNECTIONS`, `SOURCE_IP`

> [!warning]

> > This annotation is only available for those MKS's versions: `1.31.1-3+`, `1.30.5-1+`, `1.29.9-1+`, `1.28.14-1+`, `1.27.16-1+`, `1.26.15-10+`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This annotation is only available for the following MKS versions: `1.31.1-3+`, `1.30.5-1+`, `1.29.9-1+`, `1.28.14-1+`, `1.27.16-1+`, `1.26.15-10+`
```
